{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16920\viewh9160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 BUILD A MODEL THAT CAN DETECT CLINICAL ANXIETY SYMPTOMS\
\

\f1\b0 OBJECTIVE:
\f0\b \ulnone \

\f1\b0 Detect individuals with symptoms of a clinical anxiety disorder from Storyline facial, speech and vocal data that we previously collected from 100 people throughout the United States through a Storyline smartphone interview. Twenty of these people have clinical anxiety disorders. 
\f0\b Can you detect their disorder from facial, speech and vocal data alone? \

\f1\b0 \
Include the following information in the 
\f0\b final report to be emailed back to Dr. Christopher Gregg
\f1\b0  (chris@storylinehealth.com) by
\f0\b  
\f2 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tuesday, October 5th
\f1\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 :\
\
1. The accuracy of the classification of individuals with \'93anxiety TRUE\'94 compared to individuals with \'93anxiety FALSE\'94.\
2. The confusion matrix of your results\
3. A Fisher\'92s Exact test p-value of the classification results in your confusion matrix\
4. A brief paragraph describing your approach to the problem\
\

\f0\b Description of the data files
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b 1) data.RData file (or data.csv file for python users).
\f1\b0  This file contains the patient ID numbers of each individual in the study in the first column. The other columns are populated with measures of facial, speech and vocal patterns expressed by the study participants during their Storyline interview. This is the data that you will model to attempt to classify people with anxiety.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 1) patient_diagnoses.RData file (or patient_diagnoses.csv file for python users).
\f1\b0  This file contains the clinical diagnoses of the study participants. The first column indicates the patient ID numbers for each individual in the study. The other columns indicate the diagnosis for each individual for anxiety (column 2) and other mental health concerns as TRUE or FALSE. This project \ul only\ulnone  focuses on the anxiety diagnosis in column 2.\
\
With these data files you should be able to build a classification model that differentiates people with anxiety from those without anxiety better than chance. You can use R or Python for your work, as you like. You can choose the statistical methodology and steps to the solution.\
\

\f0\b Good luck!!!!\
\
Chris & Jeff\
\

\f1\b0 Storyline Health Inc.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}